a caucus will attract every big predator
for miles around a male majungasaurus
attracted to the feast it is more than
capable challenging for the carcass
[Music]
[Applause]
majungasaurus has short arms and can't
grasp
like tyrannosaurs it's all about the
bite
the shape of majungasaurus skull and
teeth suggests a very different biting
style to the flesh tearing dinosaurs
with a broad short and muscular skull it
was a dino better adapted to biting and
gripping rather than slashing its prey
this fight is about more than just
winning the feeding rights to a carcass
[Music]
when the bite marks on the mold which
younger Soros remains was studied more
closely the marks on the bones were
found to match the only large carnivore
in the region there is no bigger killer
in these lands and majungasaurus this is
the first computable evidence of
dinosaur cannibalism
it might seem shocking but it's a
behavior that clearly shows the most
successful killers will exploit any
situation to their maximum advantage